1. “The secret of change is to focus all your energy not on fighting the old but on building the new.” — Socrates, father of Western philosophy (Click to tweet)

2. “Always deliver more than expected.” — Larry Page, co-founder of Google (Click to tweet)

Larry Page - Business Quotes
3. “Don’t take too much advice. Most people who have a lot of advice to give — with a few exceptions — generalize whatever they did. Don’t over-analyze everything.  I myself have been guilty of over-thinking problems. Just build things and find out if they work.” — Ben Silbermann, founder of Pinterest (Click to tweet)

4.“If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.” — John Quincy Adams, 6th President of the United States (Click to tweet)

5. “Every time we launch a feature, people yell at us.” — Angelo Sotira, co-founder of deviantART (Click to tweet)

6.“Be undeniably good. No marketing effort or social media buzzword can be a substitute for that.” — Anthony Volodkin, founder of Hype Machine (Click to tweet)

Anthony Volodkin - Business Quotes
7. “What do you need to start a business? Three simple things: know your product better than anyone, know your customer, and have a burning desire to succeed.” — Dave Thomas, Founder of Wendy’s (Click to tweet)

8. “If you can’t feed a team with two pizzas, it’s too large.” — Jeff Bezos, Founder and CEO of Amazon (Click to tweet)

9. “If people like you, they’ll listen to you, but if they trust you, they’ll do business with you.” — Zig Ziglar, author, salesman, and motivational speaker (Click to tweet)

10. “If you are not embarrassed by the first version of your product, you’ve launched too late.” — Reid Hoffman, co-founder of LinkedIn (Click to tweet)

11. “The value of an idea lies in the using of it.” — Thomas Edison, co-founder of General Electric (Click to tweet)

12. “The stars will never align, and the traffic lights of life will never all be green at the same time. The universe doesn’t conspire against you, but it doesn’t go out of its way to line up the pins either. Conditions are never perfect. ‘Someday’ is a disease that will take your dreams to the grave with you. Pro and con lists are just as bad. If it’s important to you and you want to do it ‘eventually,’ just do it and correct course along the way.” — Tim Ferriss, author of The 4-Hour Work Week (Click to tweet)

Tim Ferriss business quotes are always so on point.

13. “Make every detail perfect and limit the number of details to perfect.” — Jack Dorsey, co-founder of Twitter (Click to tweet)

14. “Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.” — Steve Jobs, co-founder, Chairman and CEO of Apple Inc. (Click to tweet)

15. “Always look for the fool in the deal. If you don’t find one, it’s you.” — Mark Cuban, AXS TV Chairman and entrepreneur (Click to tweet)

16. “Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.” — Bill Gates, co-founder of Microsoft (Click to tweet)

Bill Gates business quotes are so full of wisdom.

Bill Gates - Business Quotes
17. “If you just work on stuff that you like and you’re passionate about, you don’t have to have a master plan with how things will play out.” — Mark Zuckerberg, founder of Facebook (Click to tweet)

18. “If you define yourself by how you differ from the competition, you’re probably in trouble.” — Omar Hamoui, co-founder of AdMob (Click to tweet)

19. “Wonder what your customer really wants? Ask. Don’t tell.” — Lisa Stone, co-founder and CEO of BlogHer (Click to tweet)

20. “When you find an idea that you just can’t stop thinking about, that’s probably a good one to pursue.” — Josh James, CEO and co-founder of Omniture (Click to tweet)

Are these business quotes inspiring you yet? No? Then keep reading…!

21. “It’s not about ideas. It’s about making ideas happen.” — Scott Belsky, co-founder of Behance (Click to tweet)

22. “Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.” — Golda Meir, fourth Prime Minister of Israel (Click to tweet)

23. “There’s nothing wrong with staying small. You can do big things with a small team.” — Jason Fried, 37signals founder and co-author of Rework (Click to tweet)

24. “The fastest way to change yourself is to hang out with people who are already the way you want to be.” — Reid Hoffman, LinkedIn co-founder (Click to tweet)

25. “Chase the vision, not the money, the money will end up following you.” — Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos (Click to tweet)

Tony Hsieh - Business Quotes
26. “The most dangerous poison is the feeling of achievement. The antidote is to every evening think what can be done better tomorrow.” — Ingvar Kamprad, founder of IKEA (Click to tweet)

27. “Nothing works better than just improving your product.” — Joel Spolsky, co-founder of Stack Overflow (Click to tweet)

28. “Get five or six of your smartest friends in a room and ask them to rate your idea.” — Mark Pincus, CEO of Zynga (Click to tweet)

29. “Money is like gasoline during a road trip. You don’t want to run out of gas on your trip, but you’re not doing a tour of gas stations.” — Tim O’Reilly, founder, and CEO of O’Reilly Media (Click to tweet)

30. “Get big quietly, so you don’t tip off potential competitors.” — Chris Dixon, an investor at Andreessen Horowitz (Click to tweet)

Business quotes like this really hit home.

31. “Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.” — Steve Jobs, co-founder, Chairman, and CEO of Apple Inc. (Click to tweet)

32. “Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.” — Helen Keller, American author, political activist and lecturer (Click to tweet)

33. “Don’t try to be original, just try to be good.” — Paul Rand, Graphic Designer (Click to tweet)

34. “Always think outside the box and embrace opportunities that appear, wherever they might be.” — Lakshmi Mittal, Chairman & CEO of ArcelorMittal (Click to tweet)

35. “Don’t worry about people stealing your design work. Worry about the day they stop.” — Jeffrey Zeldman, entrepreneur and web designer (Click to tweet)

These inspirational business quotes have some pretty sound advice.

36. “The last 10% it takes to launch something takes as much energy as the first 90%.” — Rob Kalin, founder of Etsy (Click to tweet)

37. “If you’re interested in the living heart of what you do, focus on building things rather than talking about them.” — Ryan Freitas, co-founder of About.me (Click to tweet)

38. “Best startups generally come from somebody needing to scratch an itch.” — Michael Arrington, founder and co-editor of TechCrunch (Click to tweet)

39. “Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen.” — Wayne Huizenga, prolific American business person, owner of Blockbuster Video and the Miami Dolphins. (Click to tweet)

Wayne Huizenga - Business Quotes
40. “Ideas are easy. Implementation is hard.” — Guy Kawasaki, entrepreneur and co-founder of Alltop (Click to tweet)

41. “An entrepreneur is someone who has a vision for something and a want to create.” — David Karp, founder, and CEO of Tumblr (Click to tweet)

42. “Get a mentor in the applicable field if you’re at all unsure of what you’re looking for.” — Kyle Bragger, founder of Forrst, and co-founder of Exposure (Click to tweet)

43. “Every day that we spent not improving our products was a wasted day.” — Joel Spolsky, co-founder of Stack Overflow (Click to tweet)

44. “Anything that is measured and watched, improves.” — Bob Parsons, founder of GoDaddy (Click to tweet)

45. “Stay self-funded as long as possible.” — Garrett Camp, founder of Expa, Uber, and StumbleUpon (Click to tweet)

We’re going to be throwing in a couple more Tony Hsieh business quotes in here.

46. “Don’t play games that you don’t understand, even if you see lots of other people making money from them.” — Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos (Click to tweet) 

47. “Timing, perseverance, and ten years of trying will eventually make you look like an overnight success.” — Biz Stone, co-founder of Twitter (Click to tweet)

Biz Stone - Business Quotes
48. “Human beings have an innate inner drive to be autonomous, self-determined and connected to one another. And, when that drive is liberated, people achieve more and live richer lives.” — Daniel Pink, author (Click to tweet)

49. “Fortunes are built during the down market and collected in the upmarket.” — Jason Calacanis, founder of LAUNCH Ticker (Click to tweet)

50. “It’s more effective to do something valuable than to hope a logo or name will say it for you.” — Jason Cohen, founder of Smartbear Software (Click to tweet)

Business quotes like this sure do push you towards taking action.

51. “No more romanticizing about how cool it is to be an entrepreneur. It’s a struggle to save your company’s life – and your own skin – every day of the week.” — Spencer Fry, co-founder of CarbonMade (Click to tweet)

52. “You can’t make anything viral, but you can make something good.” — Peter Shankman, founder of HARO (Click to tweet)

53. “Don’t worry about funding if you don’t need it. Today it’s cheaper to start a business than ever.” — Noah Everett, founder of Twitpic (Click to tweet)

54. “Data beats emotions.” — Sean Rad, founder of Tinder (Click to tweet)

This next one is one of my favorite business quotes.

55. “I never dreamed about success, I worked for it.” — Estee Lauder, founder of Estee Lauder Cosmetics (Click to tweet)

Estee Lauder - Business Quotes
56. “I try not to make any decisions that I’m not excited about.” — Jake Nickell, founder and CEO of Threadless (Click to tweet)

57. “See things in the present, even if they are in the future.” — Larry Ellison, co-founder of Oracle (Click to tweet)

58. “You don’t need to have a 100-person company to develop that idea.” — Larry Page, co-founder of Google (Click to tweet)

These business quotes are also great for small businesses.

59. “Ideas are commodity. Execution of them is not.” — Michael Dell, chairman, and CEO of Dell (Click to tweet)

60. “Whether you think you can, or think you can’t – you’re right.” — Henry Ford, founder of the Ford Motor Company (Click to tweet)

Henry Ford - Business Quotes
61. “All humans are entrepreneurs not because they should start companies but because the will to create is encoded in human DNA.” — Reid Hoffman, co-founder of LinkedIn (Click to tweet)

62. “The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.” — Bill Gates, co-founder of Microsoft (Click to tweet)

63. “In the end, a vision without the ability to execute it is probably a hallucination.” — Steve Case, co-founder of AOL (Click to tweet)

64. “Step out of the history that is holding you back. Step into the new story you are willing to create.” — Oprah Winfrey, media proprietor (Click to tweet)

65. “No matter how brilliant your mind or strategy, if you’re playing a solo game, you’ll always lose out to a team.” — Reid Hoffman, LinkedIn co-founder (Click to tweet)

66. “Don’t be cocky. Don’t be flashy. There’s always someone better than you.” — Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos (Click to tweet)

These business quotes may be blunt but they’re pretty accurate.

67. “Embrace what you don’t know, especially in the beginning, because what you don’t know can become your greatest asset. It ensures that you will absolutely be doing things different from everybody else.” — Sara Blakely, founder of SPANX (Click to tweet)

68. “Diligence is the mother of good luck.” — Benjamin Franklin, a Founding Father of the United States (Click to tweet)

69. “A person who is quietly confident makes the best leader.” — Fred Wilson, co-founder of Union Square Ventures (Click to tweet)

70. “Risk more than others think is safe. Dream more than others think is practical.” — Howard Schultz, CEO of Starbucks (Click to tweet)

These business quotes are on fire.

Howard Schultz - Business Quotes
Inspirational Quotes About Life
Let’s continue our list with some of the top inspirational quotes about life that are out there. Every now and then, everyone’s in need to hear about the positive side of life, and the potential it has to offer. These inspirational quotes about life will help empower you to succeed.

71. “Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.”– Charles R. Swindoll, author, educator, and radio preacher

72. “If you can dream it, you can do it.” — Walt Disney, founder of the Disney Brother Studio and Disneyland

73. “However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.” — Stephen Hawking, English theoretical physicist, cosmologist, and author

74. “When I’m old and dying, I plan to look back on my life and say ‘wow, that was an adventure,’ not ‘wow, I sure felt safe.’” — Tom Preston-Werner, co-founder of Github

75. “Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.” – Les Brown, American motivational speaker, author, and former politician

76. “The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.” ― Oprah Winfrey, media proprietor

77. “You Are Never Too Old To Set Another Goal Or To Dream A New Dream.” – C.S. Lewis, British writer

There’s something heartwarming about these inspirational quotes about life. 

78. “Live each day as if your life had just begun.” – Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe, German writer

79. “Lean forward into your life. Begin each day as if it were on purpose.” ―Mary Anne Radmacher, author

80. “There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.” ―Maya Angelou, American poet, singer, and civil rights activist

81. “Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.” ― Roy T. Bennett, author

82. “You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.” ― Oprah Winfrey, media proprietor

83. “Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.”― George Bernard Shaw, Irish playwright

84. “A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.” — Charles Darwin, English naturalist, geologist and biologist

85. “Education costs money. But then so does ignorance.” – Sir Claus Moser, British statistician

86. “The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.”– Michael Jordan, American former professional basketball player

Inspirational Quotes About Success
Success doesn’t happen overnight. You have to take each day as an opportunity to meet your potential and to improve. Here’s a list of our favorite inspirational quotes about success to get your day started.

87. “Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.” — Henry David Thoreau, essayist, poet, and philosopher

88. “People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.” — Tony Robbins, life and business strategist, and author

89. “The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.” — Colin R. Davis, English conductor for the London Symphony Orchestra

90. “Would you like me to give you a formula for success? It’s quite simple, really: Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn’t at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, so go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember that’s where you will find success.” — Thomas J. Watson, 2nd President of IBM, political figure, and philanthropist

91. Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.” — Winston Churchill, Prime Minister of Great Britain during World War II

92. “Today’s Accomplishments Were Yesterday’s Impossibilities.” – Robert H. Schuller, American motivational speaker

93. “Success is the sum of small efforts – repeated day in and day out.” — Robert Collier, author

94. “Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don’t wish it were easier; wish you were better.” — Jim Rohn, one of America’s foremost business philosophers

95. “There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.” — Colin Powell, US statesman and retired four-star General in the United States Army

When you’re struggling, inspirational quotes like these can really make a difference. 

96. “A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.” — David Brinkley, newscaster for NBC and ABC

97. “Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.” – William Feather, American publisher and author

98. “Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.” – Albert Einstein, theoretical physicist

99. “Stop chasing the money and start chasing the passion.” – Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos

100. “I never took a day off in my twenties. Not one.” — Bill Gates, Microsoft co-founder

Well done — you’ve made it halfway through our list of the top 200 business quotes!

101. “I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite.” – G. K. Chesterton, English writer, poet, and philosopher

102. “If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time.”— Steve Jobs, co-founder, Chairman and CEO of Apple Inc.

103. “Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit.” — Conrad Hilton, Founder of the Hilton Hotels chain

Quotes About Not Giving Up
Never give up. Keep chasing your dreams. Life will be hard at times, and the strength lies in not giving up. Take a look at the best inspirational quotes about not giving up.

104. “If you can’t fly then run. If you can’t run, then walk. And, if you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward.” — Martin Luther King Jr., leader of the civil rights movement

105. “I got lucky because I never gave up the search. Are you quitting too soon? Or, are you willing to pursue luck with a vengeance?” — Jill Konrath, speaker, author and thought leader

106. “Fall seven times, stand up eight.” — Japanese Proverb

107. “The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won’t. It’s whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere.” — Barack Obama, 44th President of the United States

108. “Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.” — Thomas Edison, entrepreneur and inventor

109. “The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.” — Winston Churchill, Prime Minister of Great Britain during World War II

Inspirational quotes like these do a great job at channelling some positive momentum. 

110. “You have to believe in yourself when no one else does — that makes you a winner right there.” — Venus Williams, American professional tennis player

111. “We May Encounter Many Defeats But We Must Not Be Defeated.” – Maya Angelou, American poet, singer, and civil rights activist

112. “Strength shows not only in the ability to persist, but in the ability to start over.” — F. Scott Fitzgerald, American fiction writer

113. “Let me tell you the secret that has led to my goal. My strength lies solely on my tenacity.”
– Louis Pasteur, French biologist, microbiologist and chemist

114. “Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.” – Earl Nightingale, American radio speaker and author

115. “You do what you can for as long as you can, and when you finally can’t, you do the next best thing. You back up but you don’t give up.” ― Chuck Yeager, former United States Air Force officer

116. “Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.”– Samuel Beckett, Irish avant-garde novelist and playwright

117. “It’s fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.” — Bill Gates, co-founder of Microsoft

Quotes About Working Hard
Hard work helps to turn dreams into reality. These top quotes about working hard will help you get the job done.

118. “So often people are working hard at the wrong thing. Working on the right thing is probably more important than working hard.” — Caterina Fake, Flickr co-founder

119. “If you’re passionate about something and you work hard, then I think you will be successful.”— Pierre Omidyar, founder and chairman of Ebay

120. “I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.” — Thomas Jefferson, Founding Father and President of the United States

121. “When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.” — Paulo Coelho,  Brazilian lyricist and novelist

122. “A dream does not become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.” — Colin Powell, US statesman and retired four-star General in the United States Army

123. “There is simply no substitute for hard work when it comes to achieving success.” — Heather Bresch, CEO of Mylan

We hope these quotes are inspiring you to work hard toward your goal. 

124. “Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.” — Pele, Brazilian retired professional footballer

125. “No great achiever – even those who made it seem easy – ever succeeded without hard work.” — Jonathan Sacks, British author and politician

126. “The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work.” — Harry Golden, American writer

127. “There is no substitute for hard work.” — Thomas Edison, entrepreneur and inventor

128. “It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up.” — Babe Ruth, American professional baseball player

Quotes About Challenges
We all face challenges in life. They can either make you or break you. We’ve compiled a list of our favourite quotes about challenges that will encourage you to keep going.

129. “Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.”—John D. Rockefeller,  American oil industry business magnate

130. “If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.”— Jim Rohn, American entrepreneur, author and motivational speaker

131. “Fearlessness is like a muscle. I know from my own life that the more I exercise it the more natural it becomes to not let my fears run me.” — Arianna Huffington, president of The Huffington Post Media Group

132. “You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along. You must do the thing you think you cannot do.” — Eleanor Roosevelt, known as “First Lady of the World” for her human rights advocacy

133. “If you can push through that feeling of being scared, that feeling of taking a risk, really amazing things can happen.” — Marissa Mayer, president & CEO of Yahoo!

134. “Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” — Theodore Roosevelt, 26th President of the United States

135. “Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.” – Joshua J. Marine, author

136. “Obstacles don’t have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don’t turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.” — Michael Jordan, former professional basketball player

These quotes about challenges have some pretty sound advice.

137. “It always seems impossible until it’s done.” — Nelson Mandela, Former President of South Africa, political leader, and philanthropist

138. “I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.” – Stephen Covey, American educator, author, and businessman

139. “The Ultimate Measure Of A Man Is Not Where He Stands In Moments Of Comfort And Convenience, But Where He Stands At Times Of Challenge And Controversy.” – Martin Luther King, Jr., leader of the civil rights movement

140. “Being Challenged In Life Is Inevitable, Being Defeated Is Optional.” — Roger Crawford, public speaker, author, and certified tennis professional

141. “Life’s Challenges Are Not Supposed To Paralyze You, They’re Supposed To Help You Discover Who You Are.” — Bernice Johnson Reagon, song leader, composer, and social activist

142. “When we least expect it, life sets us a challenge to test our courage and willingness to change; at such a moment, there is no point in pretending that nothing has happened or in saying that we are not yet ready. The challenge will not wait. Life does not look back.” – Paulo Coelho, Brazilian lyricist and novelist

143. “There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.” — Ray Goforth, director of strategy and partnerships at Spredfast

Quotes About Overcoming Failure
There will be days when things don’t go as planned. You may feel defeated and let down. But that’s a part of life. It’s about how you deal with the failures in life that makes you who you are. Here’s a list of our favorite quotes about overcoming failure, that  will motivate you to stay strong in the face of failure.

144. “It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.” — Herman Melville, American novelist

145. “Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again.” — Richard Branson, founder of the Virgin Group

146. “It doesn’t matter how many times you fail. It doesn’t matter how many times you almost get it right. No one is going to know or care about your failures, and neither should you. All you have to do is learn from them and those around you because all that matters in business is that you get it right once. Then everyone can tell you how lucky you are.” — Mark Cuban, entrepreneur, owner of Landmark Theaters and Chairman of AXS TV

147. “I knew that if I failed I wouldn’t regret that, but I knew the one thing I might regret is not trying.” — Jeff Bezos, founder, and CEO of Amazon

148. “The only thing worse than starting something and failing… is not starting something.” — Seth Godin, author, entrepreneur, and blogger

149. “Don’t worry about failure; you only have to be right once.” — Drew Houston, founder and CEO of Dropbox

150. “Failure Will Never Overtake Me If My Determination To Succeed Is Strong Enough.” – Og Mandino, American author

151. “Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.” — George Addair, real-estate developer

152. “Don’t worry about failures, worry about the chances you miss when you don’t even try.” – Jack Canfield, American author, motivational speaker, corporate trainer, and entrepreneur

Quotes like these on overcoming fear really give you an inspirational push.

153. “Many of life’s failures are experienced by people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.”  — Thomas Edison, entrepreneur and inventor

154. “The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.” — Henry Ford, founder of the Ford Motor Company

155. “Failure is success if we learn from it.” – Malcolm Forbes, American entrepreneur and publisher of Forbes magazine

156. “Failure is so important. We speak about success all the time. It is the ability to resist failure or use failure that often leads to greater success. I’ve met people who don’t want to try for fear of failing.” – J.K. Rowling, British novelist

157. “I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. Twenty—six times I’ve been trusted to take the game—winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.” – Michael Jordan, former professional basketball player

Funny Quotes to Cheer You Up
Everyone has a bad day once in a while. These inspirational quotes are guaranteed to inspire you and bring a smile to your face.

158. “People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily.” — Zig Ziglar, American author

159. “I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realise I should have been more specific.”— Lily Tomlin, American actress

160. “The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking spaces.” — Will Rogers, American actor

161. “I didn’t fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong.” – Benjamin Franklin, Founding Father of the United States

162. “When I hear somebody sigh, Life is hard, I am always tempted to ask, ‘Compared to what?’” – Sydney Harris, American journalist

163. “The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs… one step at a time.” – Joe Girard, American salesman

164. “Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.” – Thomas Edison, entrepreneur and inventor

165. “You must learn from the mistakes of others. You can’t possibly live long enough to make them all yourself.” – Sam Levenson, American humorist

166. “Listen, smile, agree, and then do whatever you were gonna do anyway.“ – Robert Downey Jr., American actor

167. “Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.” – Dale Carnegie, American writer

168. “Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.” – Will Rogers, American actor

Inspirational Movie Quotes
Movies have a certain memorable aspect about them. They have a unique way of teaching us lessons that stay in our memory. Whether it’s by making us smile, or by moving us to tears, movies have a magic about them. Here are some of the best inspirational quotes from movies.

169. ”Nobody is gonna hit as hard as life, but it ain’t how hard you can hit. It’s how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. It’s how much you can take, and keep moving forward. That’s how winning is done.” – Rocky, Rocky Balboa

170. “Don’t ever let somebody tell you you can’t do something, not even me. Alright? You dream, you gotta protect it. People can’t do something themselves, they wanna tell you you can’t do it. If you want something, go get it. Period.” – Chris Gardner, The Pursuit of Happyness

171. “The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it.” – Jordan Belfort, Wolf of the Wall Street

172. “All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us.” – Gandalf, Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring

173. “Great men are not born great, they grow great.” – Vito Corleone, The Godfather

174. “Some people can’t believe in themselves until someone else believes in them first.” – Sean Maguire, Good Will Hunting

175. “Why do we fall sir? So that we can learn to pick ourselves up.” – Alfred, Batman Begins

176. “Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.” – Ferris, Ferris Bueller’s Day Off

177. “After a while, you learn to ignore the names people call you and just trust who you are.” – Shrek, Shrek The Third

178. “Our lives are defined by opportunities, even the ones we miss.” – Benjamin Button, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button

179. “What we do in life echoes in eternity.” – Maximus, from Gladiator

180. “Sometimes it is the people who no one imagines anything of who do the things that no one can imagine.” – Alan Turing, The Imitation Game

181. “Every man dies, but not every man really lives.” – William Wallace, Braveheart

182. “Someone I once knew wrote that we walk away from our dreams afraid that we may fail or worse yet, afraid we may succeed.” – Forrester, Finding Forrester

183. “It is not our abilities that show what we truly are. It is our choices.” – Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets

184. “There should be no boundaries to human endeavor. We are all different. However bad life may seem, there is always something you can do, and succeed at. While there’s life, there is hope.” – Stephen Hawking, The Theory of Everything

185. “The accident is your training. Life is a choice. You can choose to be a victim or anything else you’d like to be.” – Socrates, from Peaceful Warrior

186. “In this lifetime, you don’t have to prove nothing to nobody, except yourself. And after what you’ve gone through, if you haven’t done that by now, it ain’t gonna never happen.” – Fortune, Rudy

187. It’s supposed to be hard. If it wasn’t hard, everyone would do it. The hard is what makes it great. – Jimmy Dugan, A League of Their Own

188. “Oh yes, the past can hurt. But you can either run from it, or learn from it.” – Rafiki, The Lion King

189. “No matter what anybody tells you, words and ideas can change the world.” – John Keating, Dead Poets Society

190. “You mustn’t be afraid to dream a little bigger, darling.” – Eames, Inception

191. “Find a truly original idea. It is the only way I will ever distinguish myself. It is the only way I will ever matter.” – John Nash, A Beautiful Mind


Start selling online now with Shopify

Start your free trial

Quotes About Work
No matter what day of the week it is, this list of inspirational quotes about work will help you get through the day.

192. “If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.” — Steve Jobs, co-founder, Chairman and CEO of Apple Inc.

193. “Don’t say you don’t have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo Da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.” —H. Jackson Brown Jr., American author

194. “The more I want to get something done the less I call it work.” — Richard Bach, American writer

195. “Don’t count the days, make the days count.” — Muhammad Ali, American professional boxer

196. “A year from now you may wish you had started today.” — Karen Lamb, author

197. “Someday is not a day of the week.” — Janet Dailey, author

198. “What we fear of doing most is usually what we most need to do.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson, essayist, philosopher, and poet

199.  “Make each day your masterpiece.” —  John Wooden, American basketball player

200. “Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.” — Aristotle, father of Western philosophy